# Introduction

GINGO is a project that provides an API compatible replacement for the GObject library. It's purpose is to allow code generated by valac to be compiled and linked, without having a complete GObject implementation, in order to allow for usage of the Vala programming language on embedded devices. It was motivated by the lack of high-level languages for platforms such as the GBZ80, which have only a C compiler available.

## Goals

- API compatibility with GObject
- Reduced complexity
- Reduced memory footprint
- Reduced dependencies

## Usage

Download the glib-object.h and glib.h files provided by this project into a new directory
and add that directory to the include path of your build system or C compiler while compiling.
No additional linking flags are currently required.

## Naming

GINGO stands for "GINGO is not GObject", to emphasize, that it's a seperate project,
not based on any implementation details from GObject, other than publically available [documentation](https://docs.gtk.org/gobject/index.html).
It's a nod to the WINE project, in the way that it aims to provide a reimplementation of an API, without looking at the source code,
of the project it's seeking to reimplement.
As such, the same [Clean Room guidelines](https://gitlab.winehq.org/wine/wine/-/wikis/Clean-Room-Guidelines) apply.
Additionally as an exemption to these guidelines, for the scope of this project it's emphasized, that looking at the structs generated by the C compiler is considered fine.

## License and Contributions

This project is considered public domain, to the extent permitted by law.
Furthermore it's being stated, that the project may be freely relicensed using the MIT and/or LGPLv2.1 only and where legally permitable, any other license, that is considered fit.
By contributing to this repository, the contributor agrees that the contributed code can be freely relicensed.